check out we got here a couple of things
to hang on the wall there's a redneck
fish finder for these rednecks I'm gonna
get fish they throw a stick of dynamite
no water my waterline I scooping right
up that's how you keep saying for you
early to bed probably to rise fish all
day make up lies not all fishermen line
we may exaggerate the truth Allah
fishing rules bait your own hook clean
up your own fish tell your own lies to
get the reputation like used car sales I
mean what else do you not what else do
you got here piece of artwork number one
dead but you know number two fishermen I
mean you gotta like this stuff you got
the fish here on the wall we've got mr.
Skelton another one hanging on the wall
boats display cases I mean if you have a
nautical theme you're there with this
you can put little knickknacks in the
boat the boat tipped on end and it's a
functional place to put now screams when
we need volunteer now perfect for
old-time saloon this is before tavern
times right that looks great what we
actually have up here is a gorgeous
painting surrounded with a zero and it's
a scene to see a surf in front of it you
have Spanish galleon it's a three
dimensional piece of artwork that we
look good anywhere but it looks good
especially here you love the ocean you
love the sea you like fishing this isn't
a bad piece to have for art one we have
dropped fishnets on the top here three
dimensional pull the shelves full of
fish full of lobster pots again nothing
nothing complicated just a little simple
fishing net throwing our heads off and
it makes the room you too could have
this for your place make your domicile
more lived-in
your life we have more bar type else
adult entertainment here we got dr.
streck the combs strap dick Tom's
instant stud kit oh boy check this out
here we go too funny it's a gag it's for
humor it's not the strap on at all you
know it's something else is this to
heaven for drilling people once again an
old-type drill from the old days solid
metal construction it can't be fish it's
a hand roll they teach down on much
everything teachers and shop anymore for
kids what's it you than how to make it
here's something for thrifty people what
surprised that we have under here what
surprise for thrifty people was kind of
Scottish let's kind of Irish Scottish
Scottish it's scotch sighs please be
thrifty just move over TV you got to
have that what is a fork after your warm
phone
okay isn't that sweet with the lowly
crime in imprisoned turn helps set me
free it's a birthday joke yeah Boni
faces dicknose I mean what do you get
this stuff for the boss with affection
you send this to your boss afraid to
open it Tyler air ain't boss thanks for
the tip decisions decisions decisions
what should I do flip a coin first half
of the horse second half of the horse so
here it goes you get the back end of the
horse the front end of the horse you
spin it heads or tails which one we're
going to take what kind of decision
tails I think I'll sleep it's like a box
of recycled condoms I mean come on this
is great Merry Christmas and Happy New
Year said imagine what Santa with a
hard-on mm-hmm he's got a lip deck there
baby we got eight tracks the lustful sex
life of a perverted nympho housewife
this probably sold a million copies back
then they've gotta love it we got jello
molds jello shot moles here won't show a
picture of a woman having some
interesting scenes here this is good
this is fun these will sell these will
go good at these are great jell-o shot
molds fill them up with your favorite
jello and a little bit in Viking got
more animated hairy guys here little
hairy guy he's all Harry was he
going on got a lot going on this one
this one the other half or a brother
it's the other half so we got mr. or
mrs. hairball here anatomically correct
just for your children's education
service bartender service I mean it's
all here it's available anything you
could possibly want we have even more
knickknacks here for you again in the
tavern area we have a 1 amp one-armed
bartender pull the slot those van door
opens up straight into with me for
service / cubes corkscrew mixing spoon
bottle opener and a shop measure I mean
it's all here you got it all it's cute
it's conversational it even makes crabby
the crab sings he's our frame of the
crib he had some time in Atlantic City
get up there buddy grab it on down
a banker complete with three-dimensional
oh got it like that for the Italians
that like the good old Italian olive oil
do it a full case but late checkers game
unopened in the box can't beat it
entertain yourself with some fugly
checkers I've got a bullwhip hear the
message just might like this Oh Bigelow
graver does this house Kramer too crazy
that Kramer to start cutting up with the
ball hold on lunatic ok coming off you
should see him